Add Biconomy Docs (#2)
PureStake/moonbeam-project-directory: metaTransactions/biconomy.md

# Biconomy

## Scalable Relayer Infrastructure for Blockchain Transactions.

![../images/biconomy/logoBiconomy.png](../images/biconomy/logoBiconomy.png)

## Introduction

Biconomy is a scalable transaction relayer infrastructure, which can pay blockchain transaction's gas fee for your dApp user, while collecting fees from you on monthly basis, in form of some stable token.

- **Dapps require way too much onboarding and are too hard to even begin using. We need a solution to make onboarding easy for users.** Non-crypto savvy new users will have to pass KYC, purchase ETH from an exchange, download a wallet, then connect their wallet before they can go any further, which can take days! No one waits for days to try out an application.
- **One of the major issues is need to hold Native currency for using dapps. Users can only pay in ETH**, which they may not have at that moment. Or the user may not want to spend their ETH investment.

> - **The** n**ecessity to pay a gas** fee every time the user uses your application. Netflix does not charge you their AWS fees for every time you watch a video, so why should Dapps charge you gas fees for every interaction you do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **The necessity to pay a gas** fee every time the user uses your application. Netflix does not charge you their AWS fees for every time you watch a video, so why should Dapps charge you gas fees for every interaction you do?
```

> - **The** n**ecessity to pay a gas** fee every time the user uses your application. Netflix does not charge you their AWS fees for every time you watch a video, so why should Dapps charge you gas fees for every interaction you do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **The necessity to pay a gas** fee every time the user uses your application. Netflix does not charge you their AWS fees for every time you watch a video, so why should Dapps charge you gas fees for every interaction you do?
```

![../images/biconomy/trustedForwarder.png](../images/biconomy/trustedForwarder.png)

Using Biconomy's Mexa SDK you can integrate Biconomy into your DApp seamlessly. Using Biconomy's dashboard gives you a fine control on settings and configuration for enabling MetaTransactions.

## Integration

**Integration using Mexa is a simple step process:**

1. Register your DApp on Biconomy Dashboard, a dashboard for developers, and copy API Key generated for your DApp.
2. Add the contract address and contract ABI on which you wanna enable Meta Transaction to your Biconomy dashboard.
3. Integrate Mexa SDK in your DApp code using API Key you got from dashboard.

### Dashboard

Follow the steps **[here](https://docs.biconomy.io/biconomy-dashboard)**, to register an account and add a DApp to get the keys, and configure functions that will accept signed transactions.

### Using mexa

1. Get inside the DApp client code directory, to configure meta transactions. Let's first install `@biconomy/mexa` from npm.

> 

Reviewer: can you please remove this space? it's causing weird formatting issues for the list (the 1 and 2 aren't aligning)

   ```jsx
   npm install @biconomy/mexa --save
   ```

> 2. Now you need to initialize Biconomy & web3. In place of `<web3 provider>` you can use `window.ethereum` if your DApp users are using MetaMask.

Reviewer: this is rendering as a 1 on the page, because of the space on line 67... if you remove the space it'll render as a 2 like it's supposed to!

```jsx
import { Biconomy } from "@biconomy/mexa";

const biconomy = new Biconomy(<web3 provider>, {apiKey: <API Key>});
web3 = new Web3(biconomy);

biconomy.onEvent(biconomy.READY, () => {

  // Initialize your dapp here like getting user accounts, initialising contracts and etc

}).onEvent(biconomy.ERROR, (error, message) => {

  // Handle error while initializing mexa

});
```

## 🥳

## Congrats, you've successfully integrated Biconomy into your Dapp and now your dapp supports meta Tx.

> ### Wanna make your users pay gas-fee in ERC20 tokens? We can help you with that. Read more about that on our [docs](http://docs.biconomy.io).

Reviewer: these all show up as sections in the table of contents because they are headers (i.e. use ## or ###) which can be kind of confusing. You might want to consider removing these as headers.

If you want to keep the last one as a header, the "Wanna make your users pay..." one, I would shorten it since it'll be in the table of contents and include that as a sentence underneath it. Maybe something like this:

```
### Learn More
Wanna make your users pay gas-fee in ERC20 tokens? We can help you with that. Read more about that on our [docs](http://docs.biconomy.io).
```

I attached a screenshot of what I am referring to as it's easier to just see it 😄 
<img width="414" alt="Screen Shot 2021-04-21 at 11 51 41 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26533957/115598775-022a7e00-a298-11eb-9647-64c2d1b23d02.png">

> **Wanna get in touch?**

Reviewer: you might want to turn this into a header so that it appears on the table of contents, then users will be able to quickly get to your contact information... but ultimately it's up to you! 😄
